Remove some StakingEscrow features to reduce code size (#2518)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/architecture/contracts.rst

For a guide of how to deploy these contracts automatically, see the :doc:`Deployment Guide </guides/deployment_guide>`.

#. Deploy ``NuCypherToken`` with all future supply tokens

> #. Deploy stub for ``StakingEscrow`` with a dispatcher targeting it

Reviewer: :+1:

#. Deploy ``PolicyManager`` with its own dispatcher, also targeting it
#. Deploy ``Adjudicator`` with a dispatcher
#. Deploy ``StakingInterface`` with ``StakingInterfaceRouter`` targeting it
#. Deploy ``WorkLock`` contract

> #. Deploy ``StakingEscrow`` and upgrade dispatcher targeting it by using the ``upgrade(address)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Deploy ``StakingEscrow`` and retarget it's dispatcher by using the ``upgrade(address)`` function
```
